If at any point you have problems with these directions, log on to our
Lima support mud, Lima Bean: lima.mudlib.org 7878.  Type 'news',
and then post a report of your problems.  We'll help you as soon as
humanly possible.



How to install Lima:

1) You must compile the driver for your machine:
	a) cd to the driver directory
	b) Type: ./build.MudOS
	c) When it is done running, it will tell you to which make
	   program to use: "make" or "gmake".  Type either "gmake install"
	   or "make install", depending on which one it says.
	d) When this is finished, you should have a driver and an
	   addr_server in ../etc
	
2) You must edit the mudlib configuration file.
	a) cd ../etc
	b) edit config.lima
	c) follow the directions in the file

3) Start your address server if one isn't running already (type this while
   you're in the "etc" directory):
	./addr_server 9990 &

   Change the port number above as needed, ensuring that the config.lima
   file matches the command line used to start the address server.

3) Start the driver with the command (type this while in the "etc"
   directory):
	./driver config.lima &

   Your mud should now be starting up.  When it says:
	Accepting connections on port NNNN.

   Then your mud is up.

4) Log in to your mud.  Make sure you're the first person to do so --
   whoever is first will become an admin!  After that, new users will
   just be guest wizards (by default).

   Connect to the mud, type a name, password, etc.  Once you are logged
   in, you should be a full admin.  To verify this, type:
	checkpriv 1

   It should come back with:
	Verified.  You have privilege '1'

5) Creating new admins;

   You can convert other wizards after they log in into admins by adding
   them into the "admin" domain.  Use the "admtool" command for this.

6) Mudlib configuration:

   Change any options you feel appropriate in /include/config.h.  You
   MUST change the ADMIN_EMAIL define if you wish to use the Intermud
   network.  The Intermud daemon will not load until you edit this line.

   When you're done with any configuration changes, then shut down the
   mud with the shutdown command.  Restart it, as described above, to
   make those changes happen.

7) You're done! Come see us on Lima Bean (lima.mudlib.org 7878) and
   let us know how it went!  We are also keeping track of people who
   are using the Lima Mudlib.  See our web pages at:

	http://lima.mudlib.org/

   Information is there on what and how to send us information for your
   mud.  Thanx!

8) If your machine has /bin/bash, you can modify LIMADIR in
   /etc/backup, /etc/startmud and /etc/keepup, and follow the usage
   instructions in those scripts, if you think you'll find them useful.
