$$ see: rules
 Following are the possible punishments established on Zork MUD, in order 
 of severity.  Any reports of violation of the established rules, whether 
 it by players or by Wizards, are will be dealt with by the staff of Zork
 MUD, in a swift and severe fashion.  All decisions of the Administration
 are final.

 A note though, we are not sadistic people.  We really do this for nothing
 but your enjoyment and because we enjoy it.  We would certainly be
 overjoyed if there were never any need to punish anybody, but our
 experience with other muds and human behavior in general suggests that
 it will happen.  And we have found that when a player knows that what he
 or she has done is explicitly forbidden for the good of the game, that
 it is much easier for them to accept the consequences of their actions,
 and for them to avoid trouble.
  (See "help rules" for an explanation of the rules on Zork MUD)

 
 Typical Punishments on Zork MUD: 
----------------------------------  
 * One warning against such actions, after which more severe tactics will
    be implemented.
    Note:  You are *not* entitled to a warning.  In cases of
    particularly severe offenses or cases where it must have
    been obvious to you what you were doing was wrong (blatant
    sexual harrassment, for example) harsher penalties may
    be enforced for a first offence.
 
 * Character punishments may take various forms, temporary or permanent.
    The administration may use a curse of sorts to disable certain
    actions or may lower stats, skills, hit points, wealth, or equipment,
    as decided by the staff.
 
 * Character destruction, more commonly known as "dest-ing", in which the 
    current copy of the offending character is instantaneously destroyed,
    yet your ability to log in again, and use your character as it was
    last saved is not affected.
 
 * Character banishment, also known as "nuke-ing," or "ridding," may be
    employed in extreme cases, so that the offending character is dested,
    and erased from all files, as if he/she never had existed.
 
 * Controlling a site.  If many "problem-characters," start springing up from
    one single site, or internet connection, and we are unable to convince
    the offending individuals to cease and desist then any new characters
    logging in from your site may be required to e-mail the staff of Zork MUD
    in order to get a character.

 * Site Banishment.  Perhaps the most severe form of punishment, may be used
    as a near last resort.  It means that all users from your entire site or
    internet connection will be banned forever from connecting to Zork MUD.
    If this happens, one player may have "blown it" for hundreds or thousands
    of potential players in the future.  It is truly sad when we have to do
    this, as our experience is that there are always some 'good' players
    along with the bad.  If you do this to your site, your peers will not
    be at all please in "real life."
