$$ see: bug, idea, typo, discipline
 Following are the rules set up by the Administration of this MUD. You, as
 a player or visitor, to the MUD, are responsible for knowing and abiding
 by these rules.  They have been set up to make the MUD a more enjoyable
 playing experience for everyone involved.  Failure to do so can result in
 a number of punishments, to be detailed in related documents.

 Rule Book for the MUD:
------------------------
 * Second characters are permitted on this MUD, BUT, only under the following
    circumstances:
    + They must be played as separate, individual characters.  This means that
      the two characters may not be logged into the mud at the same time.
      A character who has gone "net-dead," or has lose link still counts as a
      logged in character.
    + The characters may not be switched with the intent to pass items or
      weatlh from one to the other.

 * Foul or abusive language is forbidden in any forms of communication,
    including, but not limited to, speech, emotes, tells, shouts, and notes.

 * Sexual harassment of any form is forbidden.

 * "Flooding," or "spamming."  Flooding is the excessive use of return
    characters or text, output by a user with the intent of scrolling another
    user's screen to distract or annoy them.  The staff of the MUD may be
    permitted exceptions to this rule in the use of ASCII graphics, spell
    design and its like, but may not abuse this power, and are subject to
    the same penalties as the whole of the MUD community.

 * The "Guest" character is for browsing of the game. Guest is not to be
    used if a player already has a character created on the MUD. In the
    rare case that a bug of some sort has prevented use of an existing
    character, "Guest" may be used TEMPORARILY to inform a Wizard of the
    problem, at which time, actions will be taken to remedy the situation.

 * Any and all bugs should be IMMEDIATELY reported to the staff of the
    MUD, with the use of the "bug" command. Exploitation of bugs can make
    the game less enjoyable for everyone, and can, in some cases, erase
    player files or crash the game.  On the other hand, good and honest
    reporting of bugs, ideas and typoes are much appreciated by the Staff
    of Zork Mud.

 * Deliberate link-death is illegal. Any use of link-death, such as to
    prevent death, or to prevent punishment or damage, or any other clever
    and ingenious use for it, is punishable as with all other rules established.
